Age – If age is important to you, consider selecting an appropriate age range that you would like your household to consist of.
18-20
21-23
24-26
27-29
30-33
Does not matter

Location – Not all students plan to live on or near campus and some are willing to commute to get to classes. Please select a location that you prefer to live nearby.
On Campus
Oviedo
Union Park
Orlando
Lake Nona

Desired Distance from Location – Based on the previous question, how far away from your preferred location are you willing to live up to if you found roommates that had a slightly different location preference?
0 miles
2 miles
5 miles
10 miles
15 miles
20 miles

Gender – Living with a specific gender may be important for you. Please select a gender preference in your desired living situation.
Male
Female
Non-binary
Does not matter

How many nights can roommates’ guests sleep over in a week?
Never
1-2 nights
3-4 nights
5-7 nights
7 or more nights

How do you feel about sharing food with roommates?
Never
Sometimes, with my permission
If I have leftovers, roommates can have whenever
Most of the time, just please save some for me
Always

How do you feel about sharing household items. This can include things used to clean like paper towels or vacuum cleaners and bathroom products like shampoo and toilet paper.
Never
Sometimes, with my permission every time
Only items that have my exclusive permission
Always

How do you feel about roommates borrowing personal items like clothes, electronic devices, and other accessories.
No one can ever borrow any of my personal items
Sometimes, with my permission every time
Only items that have my exclusive permission
Always

How would you handle splitting bills with a potential roommate?
Spilt everything down the middle
Itemized and shared space usage
Each pay a utility bill and split rent
Figure it out as we go

While studying, how would you handle loud noises from other roommates?
Ask them to keep it quiet or leave
Leave and study at another location
Listen to music or a podcast
It doesn’t matter, I don’t need any specific study environment

Would you consider yourself to be a loud person?
Yes, all the time
Occasionally, like when I cook or clean
Never, I am very quiet

Do you need set quiet times from all roommates?
Yes, always
Mostly, at least more than half of the day
Never, I don’t mind noises

How often are you okay with a roommate bringing guests over each week?
Never, no guests allowed
Sometimes, maybe 1 to 2 days
Often, about 3 to 4 days
Whenever, 5 to 7 days

Do you expect roommates to keep it quiet when you are asleep?
Yes, I need absolute silence to sleep
Keep noise to a minimum, like a roommate getting water from the kitchen
Some noise is okay, like a roommate making dinner
It’s okay for a roommate to make a usual business amount of noise
All loud noises are acceptable, a roommate can have a party if they want

How would you handle conflicts with roommates?
Talk things out immediately and expect to work out any issues right away
Take a break, come back later, and see if a resolution can be made
Don’t resolve the issue and just continue with life
Become angry/demand a resolution of your own choosing

How often in a week do you plan on being in the household throughout the day?
1 to 2 days each week
3 to 4 days each week
5 to 7 days each week
Every day each week

Would you be willing to carpool with roommates to class?
Yes, if our schedules match up
No, I would prefer to commute on my own

How clean do you expect your roommates to be?
Not clean at all, just getting through life
Just don’t be completely gross, don’t leave food out and flush the toilet
Keep things somewhat tidy and cleanup after yourself occasionally
Mainly picked up and disinfected when needed, but lived in is okay
Extremely clean. The floors should be vacuumed/mopped frequently, counters cleaned and disinfected, anything that does not belong somewhere should be put away

How do you feel about smoking in the premises?
Absolutely no smoking anywhere on the property
No smoking indoors, but outside is okay
Please only smoke in your own room, not in the shared spaces
Smoke anywhere you want just not in my rooms
You can smoke anywhere in in or around the premises

How do you feel about roommates having pets?
Absolutely no pets
If it’s a pet that can stay outside, like a cat, then that’s okay
The pet can’t go anywhere around the house besides the roommate’s room
It’s okay for the pet to be in shared spaces, just not my room
The pet can roam anywhere around the premises, it doesn’t matter to me

What types of pets are you okay with a roommate having?
Dogs only
Cats only
Dogs and cats only
Small pets only, like a snake or fish
Any type of pet is acceptable

How should household chores be handled?
Everyone takes turns doing specific chores
Clean as you go, chores shouldn’t need to be assigned if things stay clean
It doesn’t matter how they get done

Would you consider yourself to be a social person?
Yes, I like to be around and chat whenever I can
Most of the time, but also enjoy some quiet time
Sometimes, I mainly like being alone
Never, I just want to exist and be left alone

How do you feel about roommates that have guests over unannounced?
I don’t mind at all
It can be slightly inconvenient
I don’t particularly like it, I would prefer if it were planned
I don’t like it at all, roommates should always ask to invite guests over

Would you like to be friends with your roommates?
Yes, it’s always nice to have more friends
Sure, I don’t mind having more friends but if they don’t want to that’s okay
Maybe, if we become friendly than that works for me
No, I’m not here for friends, just need a place to live

What are you mainly looking for in a roommate?
Just someone who can help split the bills
A potential friend
Someone who can help with homework/studying

How do you expect a roommate to handle becoming sick/ill?
Stay as far away from me as you can, preferably they leave the premises
They should stay in their room and wear a mask/let me know when they need to be in the common spaces so I can leave
Try to stay away from me, but I understand they may need to be around
It doesn’t matter, I don’t really care if I get sick

If a roommate falls behind on bills, how should it be handled?
I will cover for them and if they can pay me back then that’s fine
I will cover for them, but I expect to be paid back as soon as possible
They will need to figure out a way to cover the expenses
It’s okay to me if we fall behind on keeping up with bills, we’ll figure it out

How long do you prefer to keep the same roommate for?
At least until one of us is finished with our program
At least two years
At least one year
At least until our lease ends

What is your household temperature preference?
Colder than usual (<65 degrees)
Usually cooler (66-70 degrees)
Average temperature (71-75 degrees)
A bit warmer (76-80 degrees)
Warmer than usual (81-85 degrees)